Only he who has no use for the empire is fit to be entrusted with it. - Zhuangzi
You cannot teach a crab to walk straight. - Aristophanes
When you change what you believe, you change what you do. - Spencer Johnson
From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own. - Publilius Syrus
Men learn to love the woman they are attracted to. Women learn to become attracted to the man they fall in love with. - Woody Allen
Paths are made by walking. - Franz Kafka
Re-examine all that you have been told... dismiss that which insults your soul. - Walt Whitman
Life is growth. If we stop growing, technically and spiritually, we are as good as dead. - Morihei Ueshiba
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!' - Audrey Hepburn
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. - Mother Teresa
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things. - Unknown
The world is a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it. - Socrates
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. - Helen Keller
From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own. - Publilius Syrus
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot. - Plato
We are like islands in the sea, separate on the surface but connected in the deep. - William James
Actions are the seeds of fate. Deeds grow into destiny. - Harry S. Truman
To be truly positive in the eyes of some, you have to risk appearing negative in the eyes of others. - Criss Jami
For things to change, you have to change. - Jim Rohn
Treat every moment as your last. It is not preparation for something else. - Shunryu Suzuki
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. - Thomas Edison
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. - Earl Nightingale
The more you know, the more you know you don't know. - Aristotle
Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny. - Bob Marley
True love stories never have endings. - Richard Bach
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot. - Plato'an action committed in anger is an action doomed to failure. ' - Genghis Khan
'Either you run the day or the day runs you.' - Jim Rohn
'It doesn't matter how slow you go, as long as you don't stop.' - Confucius
'The less you try to impress, the more peaceful you can be.' - Maxime Lagace
'Meanings are not determined by situations, but we determine ourselves by the meanings we give to situations.' - Alfred Adler
'Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.' - Aristotle
'Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.' - Audrey Hepburn
'It is what we make out of what we have, not what we are given, that separates one person from another.' - Nelson Mandela
'The road to success is always under construction..' - Lily Tomlin
'Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.' - John Lennon
'Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday.' - Brian Tracy
'A strong man overcomes an obstacle, a wise man goes the whole way.' - Zen Proverb
'It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free.' - Jiddu Krishnamurti
'We build too many walls and not enough bridges.' - Isaac Newton
'Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness but it is greatness.' - George Bernard Shaw
'Man is made by his belief. As he believes, so he is.' - Bhagavad Gita
'The power to make and break habits and learning how to do that is really important.' - Naval Ravikant
'Nothing is too high for a man to reach, but he must climb with care and confidence' - Hans Christian Andersen
'The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.' - Zen Proverb
'Zen insists that the whole trouble is just our failure to realize that there is no problem.' - Bruce Lee
'Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.' - Roy T. Bennett
'There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.' - Paulo Coelho
'Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes.' - Charles Dickens
'Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.' - John Lennon
'There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.' - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
'Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You'll find they haven't half the strength you think they have.' - Norman Vincent Peale
'If you try, you might get exactly what you want. If you don't, you don't.' - Unknown
'The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.' - Pablo Picasso
'We cannot expect to be happy always... by experiencing evil as well as good we become wise.' - Hans Christian Andersen
'Your home is where your thoughts find peace.' - Zen Proverb
